Renku Users Documentation - Updates (#4255)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: docs/docs/10-users/20-getting-started/index.md

# First Steps Tutorial

> This tutorial will guide you through creating a Renku project related to the analysis of pollutants in the city of Zürich. We will be looking at a dataset from Open Data Zürich and using code from GitLab. We'll use RenkuLab to bring the data and code together in an interactive session where we can do analysis and seamlessly share with others. Let's start!

Reviewer: The description no longer matches what is done in the tutorial.

```suggestion
This tutorial will guide you through creating a Renku project related to the analysis of weather of Genoa. We will be looking at a dataset from Zenodo and using code from GitLab. We'll use RenkuLab to bring the data and code together in an interactive session where we can do analysis and seamlessly share with others. Let's start!
```
